Restructure and improve docs (#84)
projectsyn/lieutenant-operator: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/configuration.adoc

> = Configuration

Reviewer: Let's move this file into a directory called `ROOT/pages/references/` to stay consistent with other docs.

This section is the configuration reference for the operator.

== Environment variables

[cols=",",options="header",]
|===

a| Environment Variable

a| Description

| VAULT_ADDR | Sets the address to the Vault instance

> | VAULT_TOKEN | Sets the Vault token to be used, ony recommended for testing. In production the K8s authentication should be used by omitting the setting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| VAULT_TOKEN | Sets the Vault token to be used, only recommended for testing. In production the https://www.vaultproject.io/docs/auth/kubernetes[K8s authentication] should be used by omitting the setting.
```

| SKIP_VAULT_SETUP | Doesn't create any Vault secrets. Recommended for testing only.

> | DEFAULT_DELETION_POLICY | Sets what deletion policy for external resources (Git, Vault) should be used by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| DEFAULT_DELETION_POLICY | Sets what deletion policy for external resources (Git, Vault) should be used by default. One of `Archive`, `Delete`, `Retain`
```
